{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 I am certainly of opinion that genius can be acquired, or, in the alternative, that it is an almost universal possession. Its rarity may be attributed to the crushing influence of a corrupted society. It is rare to meet a youth without high ideals, generous thoughts, a sense of holiness, of his own importance, which, being interpreted, is, of his own identity with God. Three years in the world, and he is a bank clerk or even a government official. Only those who intuitively understand from early boyhood that they must stand out, and who have the incredible courage and endurance to do so in the face of all that tyranny, callousness, and the scorn of inferiors can do; only these arrive at manhood uncontaminated.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Aleister Crowley}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 DO AS THOU WILT because men that are free, of gentle birth, well bred and at home in civilized company possess a natural instinct that inclines them to virtue and saves them from vice. This instinct they name their honor.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Fran\uc1\u231\'E7ois Rabelais}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Primum non nocere.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Latin maxim meaning, \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 first do no harm.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }}