{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1 \'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers \'01;}\li720\fi-360}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  In order to expand the capacity of your }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ka}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to generate energy and your }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ba}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to focus it, one must undergo extensive self-healing, self-refinement, and self-purification. The world we live in is so rife with parasites that each person grows up with at least a few major blockages. These include not only conscious vices and traumas, but also subconscious \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 demons\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  that program minds to serve interests that are not of their own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every self-destructive behavior interferes with the stable configuration of body and mind required to achieve peak states. Therefore, anyone who\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s serious about transcendence must get serious about }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sadhana}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , or radical self-transformation. Modern alchemists generally prescribe the following process:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi0\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext \tab 1.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Prima Materia -}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The building blocks. In this case, making sure all your basic needs are met. (See the Metta for All Beings).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 2.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Purificatio}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - Purification.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 3.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ignis Philosophicus}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - The Philosopher\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s Fire. Finding the strength needed to fuel the following transformations.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 4.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solve. Dissolution of the self. Letting go of everything. Allowing chaos to compost the mulch of your life into fertile soil.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 5.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Conjunctio}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 6.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Putrefactio}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 7.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Sublimatio/Distillatio}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 8.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Coagula}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 9.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Fixatio}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 10.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Quintessentio}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - }}