{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mental Resonance Produces Thought-Forms and Consciousness Programming}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Agrippa is famous for saying, \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 All things which are similar, and therefore connected, are drawn to each other\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s power.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  This is known as the law of resonance. Resonant thought forms can be created in the mind. Consider a musical riff. You know when something doesn\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 t fit into it. Geometry is a form of spatial resonance, arithmetic logical resonance. The components within a given system reinforce/resonate with each other and the whole becomes greater than the sum of its parts. Mental states can resonate with each other as well, causing from cognitive dissonance to flow/bliss. Consider writing a character into a story. You build a structure of the character\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s nature and you begin to see what actions or lines fall into character and which are dissonant. The symbol then comes alive in your mind via the twofold process of 1) Creative Anthropomorphization and 2) Subconscious Hyper-integration. Thus a daemon is born. The symbol takes effect in the natural world by manifesting to sentients as experience: impulses, inspirations, emotions, creativity, and motivation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once active, a resonance thought-structure or \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 daemon\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  will continue to operate within the user\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s mind until it expires \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  whether through starvation/automatic garbage collection, consumption/integration with another process, or }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thought-forms are transmitted from mind to mind through the perception of (and remembering, reflecting, and internalizing of) states of consciousness held by another. Though most patterns are copied in childhood, a user will continue to contract and interbreed thought-forms, usually with greater awareness and intention over time. A user acts as host to the daemon, sustaining an otherwise artificial construct with its own life force (that is, its time and attention). The relationship between host and construct will vary.}}