{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All these deity names are not intended to directly represent any being. Each name is a symbol to remind of your experience with certain forces in your life. Consider the example:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Sheba told me that way I play video games does not count as \hich\f0 \lquote \loch\f0 relaxation time.\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The true meaning of the sentence is \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 my relationship with my true personality nature helped me realize that I have not been resting effectively.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even if the sentence is not interpreted, the meaning is still accessible if the characters in the story are assumed to exist. Like watching a sitcom, suspension of disbelief enabled the virtualization of fictional characters. These semi-mythical figures are patterns of consciousness that get reinforced in each simulator\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s mind until the subconscious begins to generate new, extrapolated data. When this data gets linked to conscious awareness in a feedback loop, then the spirit of the figure becomes fully realized as a daemon process in the simulator\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s consciousness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The symbols you use don\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 t matter. The }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 addressing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  you\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 ve associated with the symbol matters a lot. Certain forms of brainwashing \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  such as in }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A Clockwork Orange}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  when the protagonist is made to hate his favorite artist, Beethoven, through Pavlovian brainwashing \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  is an example of mis-addressing a symbol. The music becomes associated with pain and can be used to trigger pain in the protagonist\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s consciousness, even though the music has in fact nothing to do with pain. This is the true magic of symbols, that they can bring you directly to certain states and memories even with no logical connection required. Not requiring logic allows symbols and symbolic thought to move in and out of rationality in the mode of what is referred to as \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 transrational thinking\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Religious experience is always transrational.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  -Ken Wilbur}}