{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here is a story about evil that is useful to me. While evil is real, this story is just a story. I trust in your highest intelligence to determine your own truth regarding these matters. To share this story I need to first describe my relationship with self-destructiveness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I was a child I learned to be free and happy, to do what I wanted to do, when I felt like doing it, with reasonable rules and responsibilities supported by other natural motivations. Parental influence and limited access kept the worst of any excesses at bay. This all changed in college.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After several years of feeling like a loner, I made friends who introduced me to experimentations with alcohol, marijuana, junk food, and psilocybin mushrooms. (Thankfully not all at once.) These consciousness-alterers started me on a path of self-discovery that has led me to more lasting peace and happiness than anything else save true love. The path began with my struggle against my own self-destruction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some would be quick to lay blame on the substances, but I found that I was not addicted to the individual drugs. I could quit any combination of them cold turkey. What I was addicted to was self-destructiveness. If I wasn\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 t choking my intestines with unhealthy fats and sugars, I was drowning my consciousness in alcohol or smothering my motivation in THC. Then if I was quitting \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 substance\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  I would sit and stare at TV or video games until my mind began to melt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I began in those college years a pattern that would take up a huge amount of my time and vitality. I did it because I was bored, because I was alone, because I felt on some level like the more I learned about society the less I wanted to be a part of it, but I simultaneously lacked the spine to take my life to another country or another incarnation/manifestation. During this time I was studying political economics and realizing, with a sinking feeling, what an incredibly toxic world I had been born into. People all around me were destroying their minds and their bodies to try to escape the madness of awakening to \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 the way things work\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only relief I found was in oddly paradoxical moments of awakening, in which I simultaneously saw both more of the good in myself and more of the evil. I began to explore the roots of my darkness and turned to philosophy, religion, and my men\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s group for answers. I learned how behaviors and their underlying beliefs are passed on from person to person and have a \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 life\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  of their own resembling that of viruses. Addiction, binge-ing, bullying, entitlement, prejudice, and all kinds of messed up beliefs infect a person\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s subconscious when they witness that behavior, piggybacking upon natural motivations and masking the destructive components in order to reproduce.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}