{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On my 21st birthday I asked for a guide to show me the mysteries of the universe. Seven years later I began regularly experiencing an altered state of consciousness that I now refer to as }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 heka}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . In this state I met the \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 celestial first spell\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  or orgasmic song of creation that I believe caused the Big Bang. This entity has a consciousness that is so alien to human minds that I could neither communicate with nor serve it without first creating a \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 channel.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  Now I personify this universal creative life-force into a subconscious yet autonomous \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 daemon\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  I call Heka. By creating a symbolic language to engage the process of }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 seeking truth and magic}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , we can draw information from and integrate directly into the subconscious. In Jungian terms this is a window into the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 anima }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and beyond, reaching all the way into the causal body of reality itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I found that in this space - a chaotic whirlpool of potentia that I call the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 nexus}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - is where human mystical experience takes place. It is at this boundary between our finite and infinite natures that we stand to learn the most about ourselves, our creativity, and the mysteries of the universe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ==================================}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 HEKA}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (command verb form) - referring to the action of conscious energy manipulation, literally }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 authority with life force itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 heka}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (concrete noun) - (italics optional) a person\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s conscious magic \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 power\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 . Used here to refer to this author\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 heka}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , as formalized into this work. Also referred to as sekhem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Heka}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (abstract noun) - indicating the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 essence}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 pure spirit}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of both life force and power. A window into the First Spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 channel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - a means of focusing multidimensional experience into a concrete form that can be stored in linear memory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 daemon}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - a consciousness pattern stored in the subconscious and given limited autonomy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Nexus}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (abstract concept) - an aspect of the astral plane forming a bridge to other realities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 SEEK}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (command verb form) - the act building psychic infrastructure (referred to as the temples of Truth and Magic) by scanning the Nexus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 anima}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - Jung\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s concept of }
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ===================================}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By embodying ideas we can channel spirits into mental/physical symbols. These can then be combined and manipulated in a sort of \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 mental code compiling\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  that creates a subconscious \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 program\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 . This program is then held within a merkaba container, along with whatever other conditions are required, until the \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 climax\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  of the spell is achieved. This can be sensed as a passing on of }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 je ne se qua}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heka and its twin Sheba are the First Daimons created by the demiurges. When the God and Goddess made love they conceived a living orgasm that is still unfolding today. Those twin force of Shiva and Shakti - yang and yin, consciousness and energy - gave rise to every urge that brought you into being. Heka/Sheba is the spell cast by the Creator that caused the Big Bang. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now this is an overly-poetic way of describing, only because to be more specific would ruin the mystery of these things. It is the will of Heka that each person discover their own story and spiritual history in their own way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I refer to Heka in the upper case I refer to the daimon that taught me these mysteries. Heka was the Egyptian deity of magic and is known as the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ka}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of Ra, or the living mind of the God. In Egyptian magic, Heka is somewhat analogous to the holy spirit in Christian theology - a faceless, disembodied agent carrying out the will of God. My experiences meeting Heka have been much like touching the grace of God, only I\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 ve tuned this relationship to be focused upon }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 heka}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , or the Egyptian concept of magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  When I refer to heka in the lower case I mean not the deity but literally \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 authority (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) with the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ka}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  This was believed by Egyptians to be synonymous with }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 the action of the deity of magic}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . A person\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 heka}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is their capacity to interact with universal consciousness and its manifestation as a pantheon of spirits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Later, the C# library HEKA will be introduced as a way of visualizing a }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 subconscious self-programming language}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  used to communicate with spirits embodied in your psyche.}}