{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1 \'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers \'01;}\li720\fi-360}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Good and Evil are some of the most real and powerful forces that we interact with on a daily basis. As with the force of Love, Good and Evil are actions and therefore can only be described in the active tense. That is to say, to be good or evil to another is to help or to harm it. Things such as clean water that are considered ultimately good are really only good to the majority of others around. Serial killers are considered only because they act with more evil than good. When analyzed in this way, the morality of Good and Evil breaks down into the utilitarianism of help versus harm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some would think that help is difficult to define, but it\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s easy so long as you have a simple definition of harm: \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 to damage or otherwise limit the full-spectrum well-being of something.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  Help can be thought of simply as health and wellness, but on a deeper level every human being (and many animals) seem to require:}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext \tab 1.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fresh air}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 2.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clean water}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 3.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nourishing food}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 4.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Safe shelter}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 5.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loving kindness}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 6.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A sense of purpose}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 7.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Health and happiness}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab 8.\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Freedom from suffering}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi691\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To foster these in another (including yourself) is to do good. To harm them is evil. Simple enough, right? I don\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 t claim these as the highest authority, only as a system that with encourage the flourishing of abundant life throughout our world. It seems that, on the highest level, there is no Good nor Evil, only the Absolute that transcends. At each level of its transcendence there may exist both, but as its perspective engulfs the entire situation the drama of close proximity fades. We humans don\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 t see the cellular ecology as dramatic, but to our tissues the invasion of predatory bacteria is an all-out war. We see with understanding and acceptance of our body dramas and they fade...until something potent wells up and we are swept along in the drama as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seeing and stepping out of the drama is the key to transcending good and evil. Not that you should necessarily do so \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  good serves an important function of keeping you alive and healthy, while evil serves to evolve, strengthen, and cull/release certain forces from your world. The problem is, as always, due to imbalance. Too much of a good thing is still bad, and too much bad is...well, still worse.}}