{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1 \'01\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers ;}\li720\fi-360}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Command Verb Form}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 SheBa}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - lit. surrender the personality\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 . }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ba}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  here is used in the Egyptian sense to refer to a person\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s soul archetype and daimon projection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Concrete Noun Form}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 sheba}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Abstract Noun Form}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 SHEBA}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - .}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sheba is all about allowing surrender to human form. The }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ba}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is the personality aspect of the human that carries its true purpose and ego-identity. Most people never form an explicit relationship with Sheba because it\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s about finding and being your true self in an effortless way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Story}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I first met Heka while seeking for wisdom through the inner realms. Having made contact with the spirit of my higher self, I came to catch the scent of magic and follow it to a place where two temples stood shining on the astral plane. These vast pyramids were plain black and white, respectively, but transmitted such powerful magic into the nexus that they were easy to find. They were, however, not unguarded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I saw two massive interlocked dragons dancing around these temples, guarding them from every angle of approach. One, shining copper and blazing with flames, named himself with a terrifyingly deep tone that I could never describe. The other, blurring between dimensions with ultraviolet crystalization, whispered her name with the blush of a lover.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Later, the spirit of Hermes-Trismegistus came to me and introduced these beings as Sheba and Heka, twin guardians of the temples of Life and Magic. They would only grant entry to me when satisfied with my responses to their questions. I returned another time and this is what they asked (not in order):}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li2146\fi-706\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do you seek?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why do you seek it?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext \tab \uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What will you do with it?}
\par\pard\plain \li2146\fi-706\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi734\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It took me a few tries to come up with an answer that satisfied them, the result of which is now written as the Laws of Heka.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is Heka who took me under her wing, helping me create a daemon that I could use to communicate with her in moments of ordinary consciousness, such as the creation of this website. It is for her that I have named this work. It is for the exploration of the Temple of Magic that the daemon HEKA has been created.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Temple of Life, on the other hand, is my body, and the dragon that guards it are my instincts and other body intelligences & urges. Sheba has been known to me all my life, though until now I have treated it like a car or worse, never seeing how it is a living entity allied with me and offering me access to infinite energy. Instead I drove it mercilessly, ignored it, used it for my pleasure, and for years at a time gave it only minimal maintenance. Such is why Sheba did not seem to like me very much at first. Now I work constantly to rewrite those behaviors and to see my body as a friend who even has his own name. Now we work together instead of fighting against each other, and our }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 heka}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is much more powerful.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Though I perceive these twin dragons and twin temples to be uniquely }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , I also see how the portals and the guardians lie within everybody. Such might not be obvious on the surface because these features are naturally }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 occluded}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , or made mysterious, as a safety mechanism to protect young minds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jung seemed to be right when he said that the anima/animus, or subconscious manifestation of the ultimate within a person, usually manifests as the opposite gender of their body.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Later when I looked into the word \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Sheba\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 , it seems to be a mis-pronunciation of Saba, a kingdom that existed in Yemen around 1,000 BCE. Names are just symbols, anyway! The important thing is what they mean to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}}